[Requirements] Elicitation
Questions:
1. What kinds of communication platforms do you use for projects or classwork requiring
teamwork?
2. What kind of projects or classwork are you completing?
3. Do you have any problems with how these platforms are designed?
4. Could communication on these platforms be easier?
5. (Suggest possible fixes to these two) and if not any of these choices, how would you like to fix
these problems?
Tina Tran – 0416721941
1. Zoom
2. School classes
3. It can be hard to join classrooms sometimes
4. I’d rather use something like discord for classes or teamwork, (she’s in highschool and their
standard is to use zoom for classes) where you can individually message people.
5. Add a function where you can group chat with more than 1 person rather than individually
messaging.
Teresa Tran – 0405439568
1. Discord
2. Uni projects
3. It’s hard to navigate through the application and there’s a lot of buttons that I don’t know
how to use
4. It’s pretty good already, there’s a chat and you can call.
5. A manual for the basic functions would help out getting me a bit more into using discord as
I’d occasionally asking friends on how to do certain things on discord.
Kamaljit Kaur – 0431257209
1. Microsoft Teams
2. Online meetings with workmates
3. It’s difficult to screen share for a group project as only one person can show their screen at
one time
4. Yes, once you mute someone, you cannot unmute them, which causes frequent confusion
when trying to communicate.
5. A feature that would allow you to unmute at will, regardless of whether you are the person
that muted them
[Requirements] Analysis & Specification - Use Cases
User Acceptance Criteria:
- Identified similar communication tool
- Identified one or two problems
- Described how they would like a fix to those particular problems
Tina Tran –
- Have the ability to make a group chat with her buddies
- Have the ability to view who is in the group chat
- Be able to add and remove people from the group chat
- Know who the owner is of the group chat
- Be able to send messages in the group chat
- Be able to alert specific people in the group chat
Tina uses Zoom to have her tutoring classes from home and the problem with this is she can’t do
group work by talking to her friends through zoom as she can’t manually join breakout rooms herself.
A possible solution is only letting select people in the classroom see your messages. That way, you can
have discussions with your buddies without disrupting the class.
Teresa Tran –
- Have a guide in dot point form
- Properly split and sorted that similar features should be grouped up
- Summaries for each feature
- A search function to look for specific keywords in the guide
Teresa can’t navigate throughout discord completely and can only do the very basic functions in a
server only. Some actions are still too complicated and require external assistance. A guide to using
discord could help her on the app itself.
Kamaljit –
- The ability for multiple to share their screens at the same time
- The ability for the channel owner to take control of screen sharing when needed
- Prioritise the owner’s screen at times
- Unmute and mute people at will
- An alert if we have been muted by the owner
- Display of the options available to mute people
[Requirements] Validation
Tina Tran –
That’s exactly what I wanted, having those chats with your own friends to discuss work is better
because I don’t want to chat with some people in my class
Teresa Tran –
YES, a guide would help out me a lot when trying to understand the features in discord since I am
fairly new to it and hopefully in time, it’d help me to build my skills in online communication.
Kamaljit –
This feature would help me greatly as I often have meetings with the teams that I have to manage,
and often I have to mute certain people because they have background noise when someone else is
trying to talk. I also want to unmute them so when the person is finished talking they can contribute
to the conversation once again.
[Design] Interface Design
Tina –
Our dm.py covers this solution by making dms with multiple people separate from the channel.
Teresa –
This should be a GET HTTP endpoint by retrieving the guide/manual for the platform. You could also
prioritise sections depending on the keywords that might’ve been input by the user
Kamaljit –
To share multiple screens, it’d be POST HTTP endpoints and to mute people and unmute, it’d be a
PUT HTTP endpoint.